# Course Registration System
A Course Registration System web application that follows CRUD operations for student as well as on the courses with a database model, using flask and flask-SQLAlchemy.

## Requirements
1. On the home page (URI = "/"), (when we open it via the browser) displays an index page. The index page must display a table with the list of currently existing students in the database. The HTML table should be the same as given below (Its ID must be "all-students"). It should display an appropriate message if no student exists. It should also have a button labeled "Add student".
2. If the user clicks the "Add student" button, your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/student/create", which should display an HTML form. The
HTML form should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "create-student-form".
3. The HTML form should not have any other input elements.
4. If the user clicks the submit button, the browser should send a POST request to your flask application's "/student/create" URI. The flask application should then create a student object (with attributes roll number, first name and last name) and add it into the database and, it should redirect to the home page (URI = "/") and the student should be added into the table. Note that the roll number in each row of the table should be clickable.
5. If the roll number already exists, then, the user should be redirected to an HTML page, which should display an appropriate message and have a button to navigate back to the home page (URI = "/").
6. If the user clicks the "Update" button on the home page (URI = "/"), your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/student/<int:student id>/update", which should display an HTML form. The HTML form should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "update-student-form".
7. The HTML form should not have any other input elements.
8. If the user clicks the submit button, the browser should send a POST request to your flask application's "/student/<int:student id>/update" URI.
9. The flask application should then update the student and corresponding enrollment into the database and redirect to the home page (URI = "/"). Note that the previous enrollment(s) must persist (if any).
10. If the user clicks the "Delete" button on the home page (URI = "/"), your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/student/<int:student id>/delete", which should delete the student and all the corresponding enrollments from the database and redirect to the home page (URI = "/").
11. If the user clicks on the roll number of any row in the table in the home page of the flask application, the application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/student/<int:student id>", which should show all the information (student details and enrollment details) in an HTML page. The HTML page should also have a button labelled "Go Back" to navigate back to the home page (URI = "/"). There must be 2 HTML tables in this page, one for showing the personal details and the other for displaying the enrollment details. The HTML for showing personal details should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "student-detail".
12. Every record in the enrollments table should have a "withdraw" button, which when clicked, your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/student/<int:student id>/withdraw/<int:course id>", which should remove the course from current enrollments of the student from the database and redirect
to the home page (URI = "/"). The index page should also have a button "Go to courses", When a user clicks on "Go to Courses", the browser should send a GET request to your flask application's "/courses" URI and the application should navigate the user to the courses page, which should display a table of all the courses currently available in the database. The HTML table should be the same as given below (It’s ID must be "all-courses"). It should display an appropriate message if no course exists in the database. 13. If the user clicks the "Add course" button, your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/course/create", which should display an HTML form. The HTML form should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "create-course-form".
14. If the user clicks the "Update" button on the courses page (URI = "/courses"), your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/course/<int:course id>/update", which should display an HTML form. The HTML form should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "update-course-form".
15. If the user clicks the "Delete" button on the courses page (URI = "/courses"), your flask application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/course/<int:course id>/delete", which should delete the course from the database and redirect to the home page (URI = "/").
16. If the user clicks on the course code of any row in the table in the courses page of the flask application (URI = "/courses"), the application should send a GET request to an endpoint "/course/<int:course id>", which should show all the information (course details and students enrolled in the course) in an HTML page. The HTML page should also have a button labelled "Go Back" to navigate back to the courses page (URI = "/courses"). There must be 2 HTML tables in this page, one for showing the course details and the other for displaying the enrollment details. The HTML for showing course details should be the same as given below. Its ID must be "course-detail".
